CRA-demo readme updates (#5174)
microsoft/FluidFramework: examples/apps/cra-demo/README.md

1. Install Create-React-App with Typescript
2. Install Fluid and Fluid Data Objects
3. Import KVpair and Fluid Static
4. Update the view
5. Start a custom hook
6. Loading the KVPair data object
7. Syncing our app state with Fluid data

## 1. Install Create-React-App with Typescript

```bash
npx create-react-app my-app-name --template typescript
```

## 2. Install Fluid and Fluid Data Objects

```bash
cd my-app-name
npm install @fluid-experimental/fluid-static @fluid-experimental/data-objects
```

## 3. Import KVpair and Fluid Static

Fluid gives you access to methods to boostrap a new Fluid container and attach DataObjects to it.

`KeyValueDataObject` will provide you with a fully scaffolded DDS to store your data and subscribe to change events. The `KeyValueInstantiationFactory` is required by `Fluid` to instantiate the `KeyValueDataObject`.

```js
import { Fluid } from "@fluid-experimental/fluid-static";
import { KeyValueDataObject, KeyValueInstantiationFactory } from "@fluid-experimental/data-objects";
```

### 3.a Add the `getContainerId` function

> The `Fluid` class requires a seperate create vs load path, so we need a way to determine if we are loading the app for the first time, or if we loading an existing file. The `getContainerId` function is our current method for simulating creating vs loading by looking for a hash in the URL. This is an area we'd like to improve, so for now, paste this code right below your import statments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Fluid` class helps you create or load a Fluid container. As you build your application, you'll eventually track these containers yourself. For now, `getContainerId` function either loads the container identified by the hash in the URL or creates a new container for you.

This is an area we'd like to improve, but, for now, paste this code below your imports.
```

Author: love it!
